README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ilyaglow/badcapt.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ilyaglow/badcapt)
[![](https://godoc.org/github.com/ilyaglow/badcapt?status.svg)](http://godoc.org/github.com/ilyaglow/badcapt)

About
-----

Badcapt is a project inspired by `@Bad_Packets` work. It will try to detect
*bad* packets and export them to the Elastic storage or output to the screen.

Install
-------

The app is built on top of `gopacket` package which provides C bindings for the
`libpcap`, so you should have `libpcap-dev` package installed first.

```
go get github.com/ilyaglow/badcapt/cmd/badcapt
```

Also you can use the docker image (see below on how to use it):
```
docker build -t badcapt https://github.com/ilyaglow/badcapt.git
```
or
```
docker pull ilyaglow/badcapt
```

Usage
-----

```
./badcapt -h
Usage of badcapt:
  -e string
    	Elasticsearch URL
  -i string
    	Interface name to listen
```

If no Elasticsearch URL provided, badcapt will simply output records to the
screen.

To use the dockerized version you must run it with `--net=host` switch:
```
docker run -d --net=host ilyaglow/badcapt -i eth0
```

You can also take a look at the
[badsearch](https://github.com/ilyaglow/badcapt/tree/master/cmd/badsearch)
companion script for the Elasticsearch: it dumps all records in the database for
the last 24 hours.

Commit message:

Add credits to a paper about scanners
Remote Identification of Port Scan Toolchains paper by Vincent Ghiette,
Norbert Blenn, Christian Doerr from Delft University of Technology.

Links:
* https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7792471
* http://pure.tudelft.nl/ws/files/10611227/10611102.pdf

DOI: 10.1109/NTMS.2016.7792471

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ilyaglow/badcapt.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ilyaglow/badcapt)
[![](https://godoc.org/github.com/ilyaglow/badcapt?status.svg)](http://godoc.org/github.com/ilyaglow/badcapt)

About
-----

Badcapt is a project inspired by `@Bad_Packets` work and the
[Remote Identification of Port Scan Toolchains](http://pure.tudelft.nl/ws/files/10611227/10611102.pdf)
paper by Vincent Ghiette, Norbert Blenn, Christian Doerr.

It will try to detect *bad* packets and export them to the Elastic storage or
output to stdout for your further processing.

Install
-------

The app is built on top of `gopacket` package which provides C bindings for the
`libpcap`, so you should have `libpcap-dev` package installed first.

```
go get github.com/ilyaglow/badcapt/cmd/badcapt
```

Also you can use the docker image (see below on how to use it):
```
docker build -t badcapt https://github.com/ilyaglow/badcapt.git
```
or
```
docker pull ilyaglow/badcapt
```

Usage
-----

```
./badcapt -h
Usage of badcapt:
  -e string
    	Elasticsearch URL
  -i string
    	Interface name to listen
```

If no Elasticsearch URL provided, badcapt will simply output records to the
screen.

To use the dockerized version you must run it with `--net=host` switch:
```
docker run -d --net=host ilyaglow/badcapt -i eth0
```

You can also take a look at the
[badsearch](https://github.com/ilyaglow/badcapt/tree/master/cmd/badsearch)
companion script for the Elasticsearch: it dumps all records in the database for
the last 24 hours.
